doc(release) Release notes web 24.04.25 ot 24.04.8 (#5068)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Web

### 24.04.25

Release date: `February 25, 2026`

<details>
<summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Custom Views] Fixed an issue occurring when renaming a widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Custom Views] Fixed an issue that caused an SQL error when renaming a widget.
```

> - [Downtimes] Fixed issue when filtering on services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Downtimes] Fixed an issue when filtering downtimes by service name.
```

- [Performance Graph] Fixed issues occurring when changing the timeline.

> - [UI Notifications] Fixed an issue where LDAP/local users were not able to see “UI Notifications” panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Performance Graph] Fixed an issue with the legend not reflecting changes to the displayed timeframe.
- [UI Notifications] Fixed an issue with LDAP/local users not being able to see the “UI Notifications” panel.
```
